Updates for WindowsHostProcessContainers going to stable (#37340)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/create-hostprocess-pod.md

<!-- overview -->

> {{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.26" state="GA" >}}

Reviewer: Did you mean:
```suggestion
{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.26" state="stable" >}}
```
?

## Volume mounts

HostProcess containers support the ability to mount volumes within the container volume space.
Volume mount behavior differs depending on the version of containerd runtime used by on the node.

### Containerd v1.6

Applications running inside the container can access volume mounts directly via relative or
absolute paths. An environment variable `$CONTAINER_SANDBOX_MOUNT_POINT` is set upon container
creation and provides the absolute host path to the container volume. Relative paths are based
upon the `.spec.containers.volumeMounts.mountPath` configuration.

To access service account tokens (for example) the following path structures are supported within the container:

- `.\var\run\secrets\kubernetes.io\serviceaccount\`
- `$CONTAINER_SANDBOX_MOUNT_POINT\var\run\secrets\kubernetes.io\serviceaccount\`

### Containerd v1.7 (and greater)

Applications running inside the container can access volume mounts directly via the volumeMount's
specified `mountPath` (just like Linux and non-HostProcess Windows containers).

For backwards compatibility volumes can also be accessed via using the same relative paths configured
by containerd v1.6.

> To access service account tokens (for example) use the following paths within the container:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As an example, to access service account tokens within the container you would use one of the following paths:
```

## Choosing a user account

### System accounts

> HostProcess containers support the ability to run as one of three supported Windows service accounts:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, HostProcess containers support the ability to run as one of three supported Windows service accounts:
```

of privilege of the three and should be used only if absolutely necessary. Where possible,
use the LocalService service account as it is the least privileged of the three options.

### Local accounts {#local-accounts}

> HostProcess containers can also run as local user accounts which allows for node operators to give

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If configured, HostProcess containers can also run as local user accounts which allows for node operators to give
```

fine-grained access to workloads.

To run HostProcess containers as a local user; A local usergroup must first be created on the node
and the name of that local usergroup must be specified in the `runAsUserName` field in the deployment.

> This will cause an new ephemeral local user account to be created, joined to the specified usergroup,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prior to initializing the HostProcess container, a new **ephemeral** local user account to be created and joined to the specified usergroup, from which the container is run.
```

> and used by the container. This provides a number a benefits including eliminating the need to manage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This provides a number a benefits including eliminating the need to manage passwords for local user accounts.
```

> passwords for local user accounts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
passwords for local user accounts. An initial HostProcess container running as a service account can be used to
prepare the user groups for later HostProcess containers.
```

> passwords for local user accounts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

{{< note >}}
Running HostProcess containers as local user accounts requires containerd v1.7+
{{< /note >}}

Example:

1. Create a local user group on the node (this can be done in another HostProcess container).

    ```cmd
    net localgroup hpc-localgroup /add
    ```

1. Grant access to desired resources on the node to the local usergroup.
    This can be done with tools like [icacls](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/icacls).

> 1. Set `runSsUserName` to the name of the local usergroup for the pod or individual containers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Set `runAsUserName` to the name of the local usergroup for the pod or individual containers.
```

of privilege of the three and should be used only if absolutely necessary. Where possible,
use the LocalService service account as it is the least privileged of the three options.

### Local accounts {#local-accounts}

HostProcess containers can also run as local user accounts which allows for node operators to give
fine-grained access to workloads.

To run HostProcess containers as a local user; A local usergroup must first be created on the node
and the name of that local usergroup must be specified in the `runAsUserName` field in the deployment.
This will cause an new ephemeral local user account to be created, joined to the specified usergroup,
and used by the container. This provides a number a benefits including eliminating the need to manage
passwords for local user accounts.

{{< note >}}
Running HostProcess containers as local user accounts requires containerd v1.7+
{{< /note >}}

Example:

1. Create a local user group on the node (this can be done in another HostProcess container).

    ```cmd
    net localgroup hpc-localgroup /add
    ```

1. Grant access to desired resources on the node to the local usergroup.

>     This can be done with tools like [icacls](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/icacls).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   This can be done with tools like [icacls](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/icacls).
```

### Local accounts {#local-accounts}

If configured, HostProcess containers can also run as local user accounts which allows for node operators to give
fine-grained access to workloads.

To run HostProcess containers as a local user; A local usergroup must first be created on the node
and the name of that local usergroup must be specified in the `runAsUserName` field in the deployment.

> Prior to initializing the HostProcess container, a new **ephemeral** local user account to be created and joined to the specified usergroup, from which the container is run.

Reviewer 4: to be really clear here, might say something like "the runtime will create an ephemeral".  

", from which the container is run." is a bit award to read I think.

This provides a number a benefits including eliminating the need to manage passwords for local user accounts.

> passwords for local user accounts. An initial HostProcess container running as a service account can be used to

Reviewer 4: `container running as one of the built-in service account can be used to`
